as factory
you
straight pipe exhaust
that's pretty loud I probably started
the camera
all right so we're gonna
well this exhaust on here
hopefully it's going to work and we're
not going to blow a hole through the
original exhaust and that's not going to
reach
good more let's do it
touch more on this side
all right
okay now we're going to fire it up with
the open RS 3 exhaust off the sv 1000s
and then we're going to throw in a
little silencer that comes with those
exhaust pipes and see if there's any big
difference to the sound
there's a silencer portion that fits in
it's just a couple of screws and
hopefully fits in here without any kind
of major issues never fit of one of
these before so it turns out that these
silencer pieces don't fit in my old
exhaust they fit in physically but the
bottom and top holes that are supposed
to be there for the screws aren't there
I guess the fit the newer pipes that I
have now so or obviously not going to be
able to use these
sounds good anyway
your book together as it all falls apart
I'm standing at the finish line waiting
for the start when I'm feeling in my
mind and I'm thinking that my heart is
when I finally arrive is my time to the
bar I got no answers but I got a lot of
questions may I suggest that you offer a
suggestion cuz everything we know is
next up on the left and I'm so broke
that I can't pay attention did I mention